At though, oh yeah, yeah, anyways
Yes, the red shoes like
Like the iPhone recording red. Like that's only. And he always wears the same thing.
And apparent like yeah, he's a pretty iconic figure.
Like knows like all the musicians
***You choose them, but apparently
So he studied with Midori at USC, I think.
And then he later became a guru right hand.
Yeah. Apparently.
Cuz like, I think me told he has kids studing, I don't know but like
Apparently, like according to my brother, Moni flies to Philly.
Every now and then, still like, how I told the work like subscriptions now
like Midori pays her him to like come over
It's like so it's like a mother-son
Relationship I want in life, like
Yeah. I don't think I've seen her lie.
But, maybe I should wear it once or twice.
Yeah. But I I I refer to the park
According, Sorry
she has really good vlog recordings and
I think she like released it over COVID.
It's like all six sonatas and partitas.
yeah
She's, I think she's my height.
If not she might be a little shorter
But I think we're like the same kind. Like me....I know.
Me, Midori. And like Midori and Hillary are similar height too.
Okay, Hillary might not be that short, but I know she's short.
Yeah. I know Hilari is short..
Midori, I think that's someone the same height as me
I think Hillary is like a couple inches taller.
yeah
but, I don't know. it's like
crazy how much they produce sound.
Even though you're so tiny.
Yeah, yeah like
like everything is so heavy
Like well-pronounced.
Very very respective
Respect. The Respect goes hard.
yeah
uh-huh, yeah
I know.
like i don't know if that's like i don't know if that's good and all, like I
Like I genuinely feel like like
Not like drilling my technique was a good thing
no like doing it now is a good thing but also at the same time I
would rather into a wrap
yeah
I don't know I feel like
Yeah. I don't know
yeah
Yeah, last quarter was like this too.
I feel like
I mean, I mean, last year. Last year, not last year.
It's like kind of when you realize this,  yeah it's like
It's like when you realize what you didn't didn't do over a cold winter.
But like
I feel like, yes.
Or I don't know about how you feel. Yeah, yeah, yeah
What? How do you feel?
mmm..... okay
So like, even if
You try to go faster, you feel like it would take about the same time?
I see I see I, wait yesterday
I did the double stop staff
The animal carnival and I also did some session because carnivous like you need to go
back to that. So I did it before Phil, right?
and but like before I practice.
Before like before my practice session before it's built. I did it
As like my warm-up and it was like
It changed so much. Like I was not as tired.
And like, or Phil too, like my hands felt better.
Like I felt like I knew like everything on my violin better.
So I think I'm gonna
continue to do it. It's so chic and like, cool.
yeah
mmm....
Yeah, I didn't I didn't do like sub chicken shredded. I don't know so like me doing it now is
like me catching up. yeah
ohhh
ohhn....
My teacher didn't really think about that. I think my teacher
you